Chapter 1: Awakening
The village was in chaos. Flames raged, and the sound of clashing swords echoed through the night.
The young man, Arin, could see the fire advancing on his home. He had never seen anything like this before.
He had just been taking his little sister on a walk around the flower fields outside of their village. When they returned, they found the place being raided.
Arin saw his mother running toward them, tears streaming down her face. Arin didn't know what was happening, but he knew he had to do something.
He saw a group of men fighting off some of the attackers. They were using swords and other weapons to defend themselves.
Arin: "Mom! Where is dad?"
Mom: "He went with the others to fight the invaders. Arin, Irina, we need to get out of here!"
Arin looked back at the fight and saw that most of the attackers had been driven away. But there was still one left. He was a large man, with dark hair and eyes.
He was wearing black armor and wielding a long sword.
The man charged towards Arin. Arin was unarmed, so he knew he had no way to survive a clash with this man.
And yet, he had to do something.He had to try to protect his family.
So he closed his eyes and focused all of his energy into his hands. It was an instinctive reaction.
Suddenly, a burst of light shot out from his palms. The attacker was thrown back several feet and landed hard on the ground, unconscious.
Arin was stunned. He had never done anything like that before. 
Arin: "What... what was that?"
A man who seemed to be in charge of the defense stepped forward. He was an older man with gray hair and a bushy beard. He looked at Arin and smiled.
Man: "You have magic, boy. That is why you are still alive."
Arin: "Magic? I don't understand..."
The man chuckled.
Man: "Do not worry about it now, boy. Just focus on defending yourself and your family."
Arin nodded, still unsure of what to think. He heard more screams coming from the village, and knew he had to go help his mom and his sister. He ran to where he had seen his mother last, but when he got there, there was no sign of her or Irina.
Arin looked around frantically, but he couldn't find them anywhere. Just then, he saw a group of men running towards him, swords drawn. He gulped, nervously. If he stayed, he would surely be killed. But if he ran, he might leave his family behind.
Arin: "I have to find mom and Irina. And dad... Where did they go?"
He turned and started to run as fast as he could. He didn't know where he was going, but he had to keep moving. He had to find his family. They had to be nearby.
As he ran, he saw bodies lying on the ground, some still moving. He heard the sound of battle still raging, but it was fainter now. He saw smoke rising from buildings that had been set on fire. It was a horrible sight.
He kept running the streets of the village. He heard Irina's voice from somewhere ahead of him.
Irina: "Arin! Arin, where are you?"
Arin: "I'm coming, Irina!"
He rounded a corner and saw his sister, cowering behind a wall. 
Arin: "Thank goodness you're safe. Wasn't mom with you? "
Irina: "No... she went back to the house. I was too scared to go after her. She told me to wait here."
Arin: "Don't worry, we'll find her. And once we're together with her and dad, we're going to hide in the forest. Alright?"
Irina: "Okay. But what about the bad men? Aren't they still here?"
Arin: "They're gone now. We need to hurry and find mom."
He took Irina's hand and started walking towards the house. As they approached, they saw several bodies lying in the street. Some were still moving. That's when they heard their mother's screams.
Arin: "Mom! Mom, where are you?"
The screams came from the back of the house. Arin and Irina ran around the side of the building. There, they saw a group of men dragging their mother away.
Arin: "No! Stop!"
He ran after them, trying to grab her. But they were too strong. They threw him to the ground and continued to walk away with her.
Arin: "Damn it! Let her go!"
He recalled how he had taken out the knight in the black armor, earlier. If he could just cast that magic again, maybe he could save his mom.
Arin: "I have to do something... anything to help her."
He closed his eyes and focused all of his energy into his hands. Suddenly, a burst of light shot out from his palms.
The attackers were thrown back several feet and landed hard on the ground, unconscious.
Arin: "It worked!"
As soon as he fired the burst of light, he felt a wave of exhaustion wash over him. He grit his teeth and tried to stay on his feet, but he collapsed to the ground, breathing heavily.
Arin: "I... I did it..."
He looked up at the house and saw his mother standing in the doorway, looking terrified.
Arin: "Mom! I'm coming!"
He got to his feet and ran towards her. When he reached the door, she ran into his arms, sobbing.
Mom: "Oh, Arin, Irina... I thought I was going to lose you both."
Arin: "We're okay, mom. We're all safe now."
She held onto him tightly, crying tears of joy.
Mom: "Thank goodness... thank goodness."
Arin: "It's alright, mom. We're together now."
They stood there, holding each other, for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, Arin pulled back and looked at her.
Arin: "Are you hurt?"
Mom: "No, I'm fine. Just a few bruises. It's you I'm worried about. You took on those men single-handedly. Are you okay?"
Arin: "I will be. I just need some rest."
Mom: "Okay. I gathered our belongings. Your father should be back soon. He went to help the militia."
Arin: "Alright. Let's get going then."
They walked out of the house and headed towards the forest. As they were leaving, Arin looked back at the village one last time. He saw smoke rising from several buildings. His house had not burned to the ground, but some of his neighbors had not been so lucky.
Arin: "Goodbye, old village. We won't forget you."
Once they were safely hidden in the forest, Arin collapsed onto the ground. His body ached all over and he was exhausted.
Irina: "Arin? Are you okay?"
Arin: "Yeah... just tired."
Irina: "I saw those glowing sparks come out of your hands earlier. What was that?"
Arin: "That was magic. I don't know how I did it, but I think it saved us."
Irina: "Magic? Like in the stories dad used to tell us?"
Arin: "Maybe. All I know is that I need to learn more about it if we're going to survive out here."
Mom: "I've heard there are a couple of wizards living at a village nearby. Maybe we could try meeting with them?"
Arin: "Sounds like a plan. Let's get some rest first."
They spent the night in the forest, huddled together for warmth. In the morning, they packed up their belongings and started walking towards the nearest village. They hoped they'd find the wizards there.
As they walked, Arin thought about what had happened. He couldn't believe he had actually used magic. It was something he had only read about in books. And yet, here he was, using it to save his own life.
Arin: "This is going to be a long journey, but I think we can make it."
Irina: "I hope so, Arin. I really do."
Chapter 2: A Search for Guidance
The next morning, Arin and his family arrived at the village of Ralz. It was a small village, nestled in the foothills of the mountains. The houses were made of wood and thatched roofs, and the streets were lined with shops and taverns.
Mom: "This looks like a nice place. Maybe we can stay here for a while."
Arin: "We should probably try to find the wizards first. They might be able to help us."
They walked down the main street, looking for someone who could point them in the right direction. Eventually, they found an old man sitting outside a tavern, drinking ale.
Old Man: "Can I help you?"
Mom: "Yes, we're looking for the wizards. Do you know where they live?"
Old Man: "Oh, sure. Eldric the Wise lives in the tower on the outskirts of town.Sabel the Battlemage lives in a house near the center of town."
Arin: "Thank you. We appreciate your help."
Old Man: "No problem. Just be careful around those wizards. They're a strange bunch."
With that warning in mind, Arin and his family headed towards Eldric's tower.It was a tall stone structure, with windows that looked out over the surrounding countryside.
Arin knocked on the door, and after a few moments, it creaked open. An old man with a long white beard stood before them.
Eldric: "Welcome to my humble abode. What can I do for you?"
Irina: "We need your help. My brother has magical powers, and we'd like you to teach him how to use them."
Eldric: "Hmm...interesting. Very well, come inside and tell me more about this magic."
They followed Eldric into his study, where he had countless books lining the shelves. He motioned for them to sit down, and then began asking Arin questions about his powers.
Arin: "Well, I can cast bolts of light. That's all I know how to do so far." 
Eldric: "Hoh, light, you say? Would you mind showing me?"
Arin concentrated, then released a bolt of light from his hand. It streaked across the room and struck the wall, leaving a faint glow behind.
Eldric: "Very impressive. I take it you haven't had much training yet?"
Arin: "No, not at all. I used them yesterday to protect Irina and my mother. I didn't really know what I was doing, though."
Eldric: "You protected them? From what?"
Mom: "Our village was raided last night. A large group of strangers wearing black armor set the buildings on fire. My husband went to fight them off, but we lost track of him in the chaos. Arin fought off the ruffians who tried to take me away."
Eldric: "I see. And what happened to your husband?"
Mom: "We don't know. We fled into the forest and came here as soon as we could."
Arin: "Do you think you wizards might be able to help us find him?"
Eldric: "Perhaps. The militia of Ralz should already have been dispatched to offer aid to the village and investigate the situation. Sabel has gone with them. They should be back with news around noon."
Arin: "Thank you for your help. We'll wait here until they return."
Eldric: "Of course. Make yourself at home."
With that, Arin and his family settled in to wait for the other wizards' return.
As they sat down, Arin felt a pang of anxiety about his father. What if they never found him? Would he be okay? But he knew that he couldn't focus on those worries right now; he needed to learn how to use his magic effectively so he could help protect his family and others like them.
The door opened, and green-haired woman wearing an armor entered through the front door. She looked tired, her eyes red-rimmed.
Sabel: "I'm sorry I'm late, Eldric. We had a long journey back from the battlefront."
Sabel blinked, looking at Arin and his family.
Sabel: "Oh, you had guests? Did I come at a bad time?"
Eldric: "No, it's fine. Please sit down. This is Arin, his little sister Irina, and their mother, Carmen. Everyone, this is Sabel, the Battlemage."
The woman bowed politely at them.
Sabel: "A pleasure."
Mom: "You said you came from the battlefront? I am assumming you went to check out Dren village?"
Sabel: "Indeed. Are you from there?"
Mom: "Yes. We fled in the night as soon as the fires started. Can you tell us what happened afterwards?"
Sabel nodded, sitting down across from them.
Sabel: "It was a massacre. The Black Guard attacked Dren, killing everyone in sight."
Sabel: "We arrived too late to save the buildings, which were lost to the flames. Many of our comrades fell."
Arin's mother put a hand over her mouth, tears welling up in her eyes. Arin felt a lump form in his throat as he thought of his father among the dead.
Sabel: "However, there is some good news. We were able to drive away the invaders before they broke into the shelter where the last remaining locals were barricaded. We've rescued the defenders of Dren that endured until we arrived. They are currently being treated by our medics."
Mom: "Last time I saw my husband, he was with the defenders."
Sabel: "If that's the case, he should be among the people we rescued. As soon as the medics finish their job, the village guard will allow visits to those that are not in a critical state."
Mom: "Okay. And the villagers that weren't part of the militia?"
Sabel sighed.
Sabel: "Unfortunately, many lives were lost. Those who didn't make it to safety in time were either killed or taken prisoner by the Black Guard. The village has been destroyed completely."
Mom: "I see..."
Arin felt a mixture of relief and anguish. At least his father wasn't among the fallen, but he still didn't know if they'd see any of their former neighbors again.
Irina, Arin and their mother were in a rush to go to the village's square to search for their father. But since Sabel and Eldric told them that it would take a while before civilians could approach the wounded, they decided to stay here at Eldric's tower for the time being.
After eating breakfast, Arin and Sabel walked out together onto the balcony and watched as the village bustled with activity below.
Arin: "So, do you think it's possible that I can learn magic?"
Sabel smiled kindly at him.
Sabel: "Of course, my young friend! With proper training, anyone has the potential to become a mage or warlock. It all depends on how dedicated you are to learning your craft."
Arin nodded, feeling encouraged.
Sabel: "But first things first, you should consider what kind of magic calls to you the most. Do you feel drawn to offensive spells, such as fireballs and lightning bolts? Or perhaps defense, like shields and healing potions?"
Sabel: "Each one of us gifted with the talent of magic has their own way to express it. Eldric's specialty, for example, are big, flashy elemental spells which take a while to channel and cast. I, on the other hand, prefer smaller spells, fast and furious, using quick movements and gestures to unleash them."
Arin: "I don't know yet. I just want to be able to help protect myself and others."
Sabel: "That's admirable, Arin. And the best thing about magic is that once you learn how to harnessit, it becomes a part of who you are. You'll always have it with you, ready to use when the need arises. Now, let's head downstairs."
Arin nodded, following Sabel back inside. As they descended the staircase, Eldric greeted them with a smile.
Eldric: "Well, look at that. It looks like you two get along quite nicely."
Sabel laughed.
Sabel: "Indeed, Eldric. Arin is a bright lad. He's eager to learn everything he can about magic, and I believe he has a natural affinity for it."
The old man hummed to himself, approvingly.
Eldric: "Yes, I very much agree. I had him show me what he could do earlier. It is certainly promising. I had in mind to take him as an apprentice. Though I believe you could also teach him quite a few things, if you took him under your wing."
Sabel: "Hmm... tempting. What do you think, Arin? Out of Eldric or me, who would you rather have as your teacher?"
[Who will be Arin’s mentor?:|Eldric the Wizard|Sabel the Battle Mage