Arin: "If it means the world will be rid of your villainy, I will make the sacrifice."
He closed his eyes, and focused all of his willpower into the orb.
He filled it with his own magic, while using it as a vessel to channel his most powerful spell.
It would be Arin's last spell. So he had to make it count.
Arin released the orb, and a beam of brilliant light shot forth, enveloping Eryndor in its radiance.
For several long seconds, nothing happened.
Then, with a deafening explosion, the orb detonated, sending shards of glass flying in every direction.
Eryndor was engulfed by the blast, letting out a shocked yell, as he was anihilated.
Eryndor: "This cannot be happening! Nooooooo!"
Arin collapsed onto the floor, exhausted from the effort.
As he lay on the ground, the magic power he had been harnessing and training with Eldric flowed out of his body, the magic circuits from where it used to flow burning to a crisp.
It hurt, but Arin knew he had made the right choice.
The world would be safe now. That was what mattered.
He laid on the floor, feeling his own life force drain away from his body.
He was beginning to lose consciousness when he vaguely saw Eldric arrive into the chamber.
Eldric: "Arin, my boy..."
Eldric knelt beside him, tears streaming down his face.
Eldric: "I never thought I'd see you like this."
The mage whispered, stroking Arin's hair gently.
Eldric: "You gave up everything for the greater good... and I am so proud of you."
Arin: "Master Eldric..."
Eldric placed his hands on Arin's chest, pouring his own magic into him.
Eldric: "I'm not letting it end like this. I swear upon my name that I'm bringing you home alive. So stay with me, Arin!"
Arin: "But... My powers..."
Eldric: "Later, we can talk about that later. Right now, you just need to rest."
With those words, Eldric lifted Arin in his arms and carried him out of the fortress, towards the village outside.
At some point during the trip, he fell deeply asleep.
Arin woke up in bed, surrounded by his family members. His mother was there, holding his hand tightly.
She looked relieved, and happy to have her son back.
Mom: "Welcome back, Arin. We were so worried about you. You scared us half to death."
Arin smiled weakly, trying to gather his strength.He couldn't even raise his arms, and each breath he took required a lot of effort. But he was alive.
And that was all that mattered.
Mom: "Don't worry, sweetie. Everything is going to be alright. Just take it easy for a while, okay?"
Arin nodded slowly, then closed his eyes again.
The next few days passed by in a haze. He spent most of his time sleeping or lying in bed, recovering from the ordeal.
His mother kept a close eye on him, making sure he was getting enough rest and food.
Irina brought him little treats and snacks to cheer him up, and told him funny stories to make him laugh.
His father sat next to him, telling him about his adventures during his youth, to keep him entertained.
Arin was able to talk by now, but he still needed to take things slow.
As the weeks went by, Arin's condition improved.
The day he managed to stand on his on two feet again, he had Irina accompany him to Eldric's tower.
He wished to see his old master, even if he couldn't really consider himself a mage anymore.
Eldric welcomed him warmly, and they talked for hours, reminiscing about the past and discussing future plans.
With his family by his side, Arin returned home that evening, satisfied.
He might not be a mage, but Eldric and he would still remain good friends, and the kingdom would forever remember his heroic deed.
The end.