Chapter 9: Phyrric  Victory.
Arin: "We need to stop Eryndor! The dragon will be dealt with later."
Sabel: "...You're right. The Dark Sorcerer will just repeat this again and again elsewhere if we let him get away. All we can do is hope Eldric can buy time for the civilians to evacuate Dune Village."
Arin and Sabel decided to let the dragon alone, and rushed at Eryndor, who was almost done activating his teleportation spell.
Arin: "Stay behind me!"
The boy warned Sabel as they charged towards the dark sorcerer.
Eryndor: "Dragon! Don't let them come near me!"
He sent a burst of magic at the dragon, forcing it to fly closer to Sabel and Arin.
Arin: "Cover your ears!"
As soon as the dragon was close enough, Arin shouted the name of a spell, as he channeled his own magic.
Arin: "Blast Wave!"
A sonic blast was unleashed. It propelled both Sabel and himself forward, stunning the dragon and getting them closer than ever to the fleeing Dark Sorcerer.
Getting a clear line of sight towards Eryndor, Arin brought out his father's bow and fired a magically empowered arrow at him.
Eryndor raised a barrier of darkness to protect himself, but the arrow pierced through it, hitting him in the heart. Even as his dark powers tried to reanimate him, the luminous magic in the arrow dispelled them, banishing him from this world.
Eryndor didn't even touch the ground, sent to a different plane, one from which he would never come back from.
Arin fell to his knees, feeling a sudden exhaustion overtake him. He had spent too much of his magic on this last attack. He did not have enough energy to keep moving. Sabel was in a similar state, barely hanging on after she was forced to deflect an attack from the enraged green dragon.
The dragon broke through a wall and fled from the fortress, flying towards Rune Village. The fortress began to crumble down and collapse, as if the Dark Sorcerer's magic had been keeping it standing. With Eryndor gone, it began to break down.
Sabel: "We need to get out of here..."
But both her and Arin had run out of strength. They could barely stand. Was this the end for them?
May: "Arin! Sabel! Hold on, I'm coming!"
The mermaid, who had stayed back to support them from afar, ran into the room, finding the two exhausted battle mages on the ground.
Arin: "May! Help us! We can't move any more!"
May knelt beside them, placing a hand on each of their foreheads. A soft glow filled the room as she channeled her magical energy into them. It wasn't enough to fully restore them, but it was just what they needed to stand up and begin walking.
Sabel: "Thanks May! Let's go."
May helped the two of them stand, holding them and having them rest their weight on her.The three of them advanced downstairs, watching the ceiling cave in, blocking the main entrance.
Arin: "Oh no. That was the way out!"
May: "Calm down! Remember how we got in here? The underwater entrance connected to the fortress's moat!"
The group made their way towards the dungeons, where Sabel found the key to open the cellblock. As soon as the door opened, they rushed outside and headed straight towards the water, swimming as fast as they could. May guided the pair to the other side of the castle's walls, where they emerged from the water onto the shore outside.
Arin: "Is it over?"
He, Sabel and May sat on the shore, lying down, watching the starry sky above them. They could hear loud explosion noises in the distance, and the sky flashed with lightning strikes several times. The green dragon's roar could be heard.
Sabel shook her head sadly.
Sabel: "We took down Eryndor and Thal... but we couldn't do anything about the dragon Eryndor summoned. I hope Eldric will be okay..."
They waited a bit longer before heading back to the village, where the villagers were already gathering, cheering and celebrating. Some of them saw the trio approaching and ran to greet them. Arin recognized a couple of them as the prisoners he, Sabel and May had freed earlier tonight.
There were quite a few bandaged and injured people, but luckily, there were no human corpses on the village's streets. Only the bodies of the red demons that Eryndor summoned remained.
Villager: "Miss Sabel! The soldiers you brought with you are with your wizard companion. They are fighting the dragon, buying time while we get out of Dune."
Sabel: "So they're still alive? Good. Arin, May, help the villagers evacuate. I'll go back up Eldric."
The mermaid nodded, and the two of them went to organize the villagers to flee into the woods. Arin was reminded of his own escape from his ruined village.
Sabel walked deeper into Dune village, towards the place where Eldric and the soldiers were still fighting.
Eldric: "There you are, Sabel. How did the kid do?"
Sabel: "Arin did great. The Dark Sorcerer has been slain."
Eldric: "Good. One less worry for the Kingdom. Though if we don't take care of this dragon here and now, things will get complicated."
The battle was fierce, but eventually, Eldric's forces were pushed back, little by little. Eldric, who had single-handedly kept the Black Guard at bay during Arin and Sabel's attack at the fortress, had used up most of his magic already.
While he had managed to injure the dragon, he too, was sustaining grievous injuries. Sabel and the soldiers began a retreating fight.Arin, meanwhile, watched helplessly as the battle unfolded around him, feeling torn between helping Eldric and supporting Sabel.
As they all continued to fight, a sudden gust of wind blew past Arin, knocking off the hood of his cloak. He looked behind to see the green dragon flying straight towards them, its breath ablaze with fire.
Arin knew he had no choice. Without hesitating, he pulled out his sword and raised it high in the air. The blade shone brightly as he pumped it with all the magic he had left, and as the dragon breathed fire towards them, Arin swung the sword downwards. A massive explosion rocked the area, sending debris all over the place.
If he had been at his full strength, the shockwave would have been enough to stop the dragon on its tracks. But weakened as he was,
Arin fell onto his knees, his body burning from the blast.
He couldn't even muster the energy to look up and see what happened next. All he could do was hope that the others were safe and the village had not been completely destroyed.
When he woke up, days later, he was in bed, covered with bandages. Sitting next to him was his mother, Carmen, as well as Irina, his adorable little sister.
Mom: "Oh, my darling boy, you're finally awake!"
Irina: "Yay! You're alive!"
She threw her arms around Arin's neck.
Arin tried to smile at both of them, despite feeling exhausted from the ordeal. His body felt like it was made of stone, and moving hurt.
Mom: "You gave everything you had to save that village, Arin. We're so proud of you."
Arin's father entered the room, limping slightly, holding a cup of tea.He smiled warmly at his son.
Dad: "Thanks to you, many people survived the disaster at Dune village, Arin. Not to mention, you put an end to Eryndor Stoneheart. For the kingdom, you're a true hero."
There was a knock on the door. Irina went to open it up, and soon, May entered, bringing in Sabel, who was sitting in a wheelchair.
Mom: "Welcome, Sabel, May! Guess who woke up, just now."
Sabel: "Well done, Arin. Your power was enough to chase the Dragon away. You really saved us both."
May placed a hand on Arin's shoulder. Her touch was pleasant, soothing even.
May: "With the fortress they built over the woods gone, my fellow mermaids can return to the river. Even if a good amount of the trees burned to ashes, I'm sure we'll be able to rebuild our homes. Of course, we'll help the people from Dune rebuild their village, too.
Irina looked curiously at May, then at Arin, noticing the fond way they looked at each other.
Irina: " Big brother, Are you... are you dating this nice fish lady?"
Suddenly, everyone burst into laughter.
May: "No, sweetie. But I am happy to know that your big brother here, he has someone to come home to when he gets back from his adventures."
Arin blushed and joined in the laughter. It felt good to be able to joke about something again.
Irina: "So, how long before you get better, Big Brother? I want you to teach me magic, too!"
Arin: "Don't worry, Little Sister. As soon as I'm strong enough, we'll start training together."
Irina: "Great!"
Sabel: "Eldric sends his regards too. He really spent himself in the battle against the Dragon. He can't leave his tower until he finishes healing up. But he should be well enough to pay you a visit in a few days."
Arin: "That's great news! Thanks, Sabel."
He felt content knowing that, after all the chaos of the past weeks, things were starting to settle down again. The Kingdom was safe once more, and there was peace in sight. Of course, the dragon was still loose, and they would need to do something about it. But he wasn't worried.
Arin could only hope that, one day,  the people from Dune village would forgive him for what happened. After all, sometimes, to save many lives, sacrifices must be made. The call to pursue Eryndor over stopping the dragon had been his. He had some regrets, but what was done was done. Now all he could do was keep working hard to maintain the peace his phyrric victory had brought to the kingdom.
The end.